🔖 Release 0.7.0 (#121)
maykinmedia/referentielijsten: CHANGELOG.rst

    Make sure to check which fields are marked as ``DEPRECATED`` and replace them with the fields that are mentioned as replacements.

**New features**

* [maykinmedia/open-api-framework#188] Add data dump script
* [maykinmedia/open-api-framework#152] Add OpenTelemetry (``OTel``) for collecting and exporting application metrics.

.. note::

    - Metrics now exposed include:

        - HTTP request durations.
        - Number of active requests.
        - Number of users, logins, logouts, failed logins, and account lockouts.
        - **CRUD** operations for the following endpoints:

          - ``/tabel``
          - ``/item``

        - All metrics are exported using the **OpenTelemetry standard**, enabling seamless integration with existing monitoring and visualization platforms.

.. warning::

    The OpenTelemetry SDK is **enabled by default**.

    If you do not have an endpoint to send system telemetry to, update your deployment to **disable it** by setting the environment variable:

    .. code-block:: bash
      
        OTEL_SDK_DISABLED=true

    If this is not done, warnings will be emitted to the container logs. The application will continue to function normally.

>     All available metrics and details can be found in the **“Observability” documentation** see :ref:`installation_observability_index`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. note::

    The OpenTelemetry SDK is **enabled by default**.

    If you do not have an endpoint to send system telemetry to, update your deployment to **disable it** by setting the environment variable:

    .. code-block:: bash

        OTEL_SDK_DISABLED=true

    If this is not done, warnings will be emitted to the container logs. The application will continue to function normally.

    All available metrics and details can be found in the :ref:`Observability documentation <installation_observability_index>`.
```

**Project maintenance**

* Upgrade dependencies

    * django to 5.2.8
    * pip to 25.3
    * open-api-framework to 0.13.2
    * commonground-api-common to 2.10.5
    * django-setup-configuration to 0.11.0
    * mozilla-django-oidc-db to 1.1.0

* [maykinmedia/open-api-workflows#31] Upgrade workflows to v6

> * [maykinmedia/open-api-framework#191] upgrade nodejs to v24

Reviewer: here you could also add an entry to mention that maykin-common was added
